# SNHU---CS-210
This was the project I created for my final for my Programming Languages class at SNHU. The prompt for this project was to build an application that tracked all items purchased at a grocery store. The functionality of this application included the ability to read an input file, and give the user 4 options to select from: Display all items purchased, display the number of times each item was purchased, and display a text-based histogram based off of all the sales for the day. 

This project was a bit challenging at first, as it was my first project where I integrated multiple languages simultaneously, those languages being C++ and Python. As I had more experience with Python than C++, I decided to define my functions in my Python file, and call those functions in main in my C++ file. I also liked how clean and practical my code looked when I defined all of my functions in Python, as I was able to define my functions in less lines in C++, and performance and speed weren't the main focus in this project. This also left my CPP file to be incredibly simple. For defining my functions, I found that adding each item from the input file as a dictionary key, and having its frequency stored as a value, made displaying item frequency effectively. Additionally, this made creating the histogram relatively simple, as I was able to create a loop that iterated through the dictionary and printed an asterisk n amount of times, n representing the frequency of the item. 

If I were to go back and refine this project, I would utilize more Python libraries such as Matplotlib to create a regular histogram, instead of a text-based histogram. Not only would that be more visually appealing, but it would create a document that the user can save for their own documentation purposes. I'm very grateful for being assigned this project, as it has taught me the concept of integrating multiple programming languages together to customize my code to function exactly as I would want it to, as well as prepare me for bigger projects that may require multiple languages. 
